introducing home home is a 3d community
for PlayStation 3 it's an interactive
virtual space where users meet up
hangouts and explore a connected world
it's free of charge and available
directly from the playstation 3
cross-media bar everyone you meet with
in home is an online PlayStation 3 user
each person can customize their clothes
and facial characteristics with millions
of potential combinations whether you'd
like a simple shirt and tight or you're
more of a t-shirt and jeans type the
tools to express yourself within home or
in your disposal download extras from
the PlayStation Store for that extra
unique look
we've made friends in homes public
spaces you can easily invite them back
to your invitation only space which you
can customize with downloaded items to
show off your interior design skills if
you've got photos movies or music stored
on your ps3 hard drive you can share
them here on virtual screens and virtual
stereos communication is key in home so
over time home will grow into a virtual
network of spaces both public and
private once you've included loads of
simple ways to get to know people emotes
are animations that get your point
across last you can access short phrases
using quick right or if you have
something big to set you can type with a
virtual or USB keyboard or talk with a
Bluetooth headset even cooler is the
ability to meet people in home and go
with them into other ps3 multiplayer
games
you